lang summary: af cost time: 21443 ms
lang summary: sq cost time: 20111 ms
lang summary: am cost time: 30984 ms
lang summary: ar cost time: 17579 ms
lang summary: hy cost time: 23985 ms
lang summary: as cost time: 35494 ms
lang summary: ay cost time: 21374 ms
lang summary: az cost time: 33094 ms
lang summary: bm cost time: 20708 ms
lang summary: eu cost time: 20898 ms
lang summary: be cost time: 20548 ms
lang summary: bn cost time: 22042 ms
lang summary: bho cost time: 29674 ms
lang summary: bs cost time: 19632 ms
lang summary: bg cost time: 19973 ms
lang summary: ca cost time: 25567 ms
lang summary: ceb cost time: 21572 ms
lang summary: zh-CN cost time: 48838 ms
lang summary: zh-TW cost time: 30275 ms
lang summary: co cost time: 26859 ms
lang summary: hr cost time: 19682 ms
lang summary: cs cost time: 19868 ms
lang summary: da cost time: 23877 ms
lang summary: dv cost time: 46636 ms
lang summary: doi cost time: 22405 ms
lang summary: nl cost time: 28277 ms
lang summary: eo cost time: 18393 ms
lang summary: et cost time: 33571 ms
lang summary: ee cost time: 22085 ms
lang summary: fil cost time: 20730 ms
lang summary: fi cost time: 20387 ms
lang summary: fr cost time: 23674 ms
lang summary: fy cost time: 22881 ms
lang summary: gl cost time: 20397 ms
lang summary: ka cost time: 31339 ms
lang summary: de cost time: 27252 ms
lang summary: el cost time: 24095 ms
lang summary: gn cost time: 29988 ms
lang summary: gu cost time: 35213 ms
lang summary: ht cost time: 25164 ms
lang summary: ha cost time: 50384 ms
lang summary: haw cost time: 48484 ms
lang summary: he cost time: 17911 ms
lang summary: hi cost time: 21304 ms
lang summary: hmn cost time: 74161 ms
lang summary: hu cost time: 25545 ms
lang summary: is cost time: 20175 ms
lang summary: ig cost time: 31311 ms
lang summary: ilo cost time: 22680 ms
lang summary: id cost time: 20553 ms
lang summary: ga cost time: 20964 ms
lang summary: it cost time: 23411 ms
lang summary: ja cost time: 24609 ms
lang summary: jv cost time: 22529 ms
lang summary: kn cost time: 26045 ms
lang summary: kk cost time: 22094 ms
lang summary: km cost time: 98891 ms
lang summary: rw cost time: 36294 ms
lang summary: gom cost time: 31292 ms
lang summary: ko cost time: 16041 ms
lang summary: kri cost time: 20798 ms
lang summary: ku cost time: 20052 ms
lang summary: ckb cost time: 36698 ms
lang summary: ky cost time: 32711 ms
lang summary: lo cost time: 32261 ms
lang summary: la cost time: 109875 ms
lang summary: lv cost time: 24354 ms
lang summary: ln cost time: 21070 ms
lang summary: lt cost time: 22506 ms
lang summary: lg cost time: 35698 ms
lang summary: lb cost time: 26882 ms
lang summary: mk cost time: 20566 ms
lang summary: mai cost time: 27134 ms
lang summary: mg cost time: 29397 ms
lang summary: ms cost time: 20249 ms
lang summary: ml cost time: 33675 ms
lang summary: mt cost time: 21671 ms
lang summary: mi cost time: 26237 ms
lang summary: mr cost time: 31668 ms
lang summary: mni-Mtei cost time: 24550 ms
lang summary: lus cost time: 29658 ms
lang summary: mn cost time: 35380 ms
lang summary: my cost time: 22936 ms
lang summary: ne cost time: 33243 ms
lang summary: no cost time: 22238 ms
lang summary: ny cost time: 35786 ms
lang summary: or cost time: 505639 ms
lang summary: om cost time: 25886 ms
lang summary: ps cost time: 102958 ms
lang summary: fa cost time: 43596 ms
lang summary: pl cost time: 21560 ms
lang summary: pt cost time: 21960 ms
lang summary: pa cost time: 38631 ms
lang summary: qu cost time: 31787 ms
lang summary: ro cost time: 20624 ms
lang summary: ru cost time: 45074 ms
lang summary: sm cost time: 61939 ms
lang summary: sa cost time: 29757 ms
lang summary: gd cost time: 22511 ms
lang summary: nso cost time: 23619 ms
lang summary: st cost time: 41946 ms
lang summary: sn cost time: 31657 ms
lang summary: sd cost time: 44675 ms
lang summary: si cost time: 19880 ms
lang summary: sk cost time: 22393 ms
lang summary: sl cost time: 20065 ms
lang summary: so cost time: 49468 ms
lang summary: es cost time: 23587 ms
lang summary: su cost time: 20981 ms
lang summary: sw cost time: 21980 ms
lang summary: sv cost time: 26411 ms
lang summary: tl cost time: 28602 ms
lang summary: tg cost time: 27385 ms
lang summary: ta cost time: 25228 ms
lang summary: tt cost time: 30189 ms
lang summary: te cost time: 33271 ms
lang summary: th cost time: 48564 ms
lang summary: ti cost time: 36579 ms
lang summary: ts cost time: 26727 ms
lang summary: tr cost time: 30672 ms
lang summary: tk cost time: 60838 ms
lang summary: ak cost time: 20264 ms
lang summary: uk cost time: 31808 ms
lang summary: ur cost time: 31792 ms
lang summary: ug cost time: 54293 ms
lang summary: uz cost time: 41008 ms
lang summary: vi cost time: 18867 ms
lang summary: cy cost time: 19699 ms
lang summary: xh cost time: 20293 ms
lang summary: yi cost time: 19597 ms
lang summary: yo cost time: 18972 ms
lang summary: zu cost time: 25858 ms
